Dad, you just scared me to death
Thank you for coming to my rescue today
What else do you say to dad, thank you?
Isn't it right to protect you?
Oh, by the way, tomorrow is your birthday.
I have a birthday present for you.
What a gift
A gangster is a gangster
A broken watch is also a gift
What did you say? What happened?
This is a two-piece watch, don't you let people say it?
This is Liu Tianhou who just debuted
Bought with the first company
I put a lot of effort into it.
You almost fell out with him?
It's really the one from Liu Tianhou's debut era
Thank you. I really like this gift.
Since it was given by Dad
I like even second-hand watches.
Still my daughter is sweet
Better than his own mother
What's the matter with you shooting indiscriminately?
It's really my daughter. What does that have to do with you?
I'm his stepmother
I am his mother